---
layout: post                # Don't change this from "post"
tltitle: Online testing (July) of Homepage, Covid 19, Route Map Prototype & Industry Filter  # Title to show on the page
type: online                  # Chose from: lab, online, a11y, other, partner
phase: beta                 # chose from discovery, alpha, beta, live
initials: am               # initials of person who did/uploaded the research
display_date: July 2020 # Date to show on the page
return_url: "https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/timeline/" # leave like this         
type_of_event:  Online research and testing            
            # add the type of event if you want it displayed added to the heading when the post if clicked on
            # Lab Testing, Partner co-creation and co-design, Accessibility, Online research and testing, Events, F2F and testing
            # or leave empty if not needed
---

## Audience
-Scottish & UK Business owners  

## Focus

To test functionality around
1. Homepage & FBS site
2. Covid 19
3. Route Map Prototype
4. Industry Filter

## Summary of insights
### Homepage & FBS site
- The layout is appreciated
- The uncluttered pages are easier to users
- It has lots of useful information
- Outdated information is not removed quickly enough (It is still visible)
- The site lacks a distinct personality
- Topic search should be more prominent
- Live chat would help confused users

### Covid 19 Page
- Easy to navigate
- Calendar Dates are appreciated
- It covers both, Near and Longterm issues
- The Topic based search works well
- The Topic based search should be higher on the Page
- A chatbot or some other interaction method would help users when they are confused
- The information can be overwhelming. It could possibly be summarised or tiered.
- There could be longer lists of Q&A rather than just collated top ones

### Route Map Prototype
- All users liked the concept of route map and shared positive comments about the map – simple layout, easy to understand, very informative, readable and visually pleasing.
- There was some confusion as to the number (1 to 8) in the middle of the page and some felt jumping from left to right could be avoided.
- Some mentioned it would be good to have filter by industry option or a search box.
- All 10 users would like this map to be made available on the website:

### Industry Filter
- Users found the new industry filter easy to use, simple and easy to find.
- Simple, plain, easy to use, logical were some of the comments made by the users.
- Some dislikes included the design being a bit bland, colourless, some sectors being left out like farming, finance, digital.
- Users understood what the “other sectors” industry tag meant and were happy with the search results displayed when it was selected.
- Overall users were happy with the search and filter options that were available under the browse support web page.


### Customer Quotes on Route Map
- “It shows to workers and owners that there is a plan in place for re opening and creating a 	safe environment”
- “I think this route map is a really clear and defined way of letting businesses and the 	general public know what the rules are.  I’d much rather use a route map like this than try to	wade through all the detailed information and try to keep track of the changes myself or 	remember when they become live”


## Files
- [July - Rodamap Prototype](https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/files/FBS-Roadmap Prototype Testing-July 2020.pptx)
- [July - Indsutry Filter](https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/files/FBS-New Industry Filters-July 2020.pptx)
