---
layout: post                # Don't change this from "post"
title: Online testing (June) of Filters, Content Placement, Enquiries Portal  # Title to show on the page
type: online                  # Chose from: lab, online, a11y, other, partner
phase: beta                 # chose from discovery, alpha, beta, live
initials: am               # initials of person who did/uploaded the research
display_date: June 2020 # Date to show on the page
return_url: "https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/timeline/" # leave like this         
type_of_event:  Online research and testing            
            # add the type of event if you want it displayed added to the heading when the post if clicked on
            # Lab Testing, Partner co-creation and co-design, Accessibility, Online research and testing, Events, F2F and testing
            # or leave empty if not needed
---


## Audience
-Scottish & UK Business owners  

## Focus

To test functionality around
1. Covid-19 advice (10 users)

## Summary of insights
### Guidance Filter and Homepage
- Majority of users (6 out of 10) liked the new homepage image and shared following comments:
  - New normal, Pleasant, Welcoming, Relatable, Well chosen
- And some (4 out of 10) felt:
  - Woman behind laptop doesn’t particularly show support, Uninspiring, It’s a bit dull

- There were lots of positive comments about the current filters in the “browse support” section:
  - Easy to use and understand, well structured, simple
- And some negative comments such as:
  - Not a lot of filters, Some search results were irrelevant, All filters should have been displayed
- There were not many suggestions around missing filters, one which comes up again and again is around the size of business – small, medium and large other than that users were content with the current filters
- We asked users to provide their feedback about a new filter called “guidance” and all (10 users) of them said that they would like this new filter introduced and that they would use this filter for the following things:
  - It would be official advice
  - Sounds like a channel for help
  - Allows business to access latest rules
  - It could contain many resources
  - It’s a bit vague so not sure

Majority 8 out of 10 were able to understand that this new filter “guidance” was different to the current filter “self-help guides”:
  - Self-help says self-study or ways I can advance my position. Guidance suggests thing I am being advised to do
  - Guidance is very general but self-help guides are is more specific to your business

### Content placement
- Majority of users (8 out of 10) would like the Coronavirus information to be displayed on the Coronavirus web page.
- Only 2 felt that all the information should sit under the Coronavirus filter under the “browse support” web page.



### Enquiries Portal
- All 4 partners found the prototype to be simple and straightforward
  - Looks simple to use
  - Looks very straight-forward
  - It looks nice and simple, I would make sure to keep it that way. No need to complicate it

- Partners would like some sort of notification when a new enquiry is received, this could be via a simple email to their inbox
- The open enquiry page was easy to understand and partners were happy to see the search and sort options. One of them felt that having an enquiry type option would help them better understand multiple requests from a company.
- The Actions button at the top was confusing to all, two felt that it was an action to fulfil an enquiry. But having clicked on the button to see “export as csv” was a good to have option.
- The enquiry detail screen was also simple and easy to understand and it was comprehensive.
- All felt that some sort of notes section while fulfilling the enquiry will be a useful thing to have as then they could see what has happened with the enquiry and who dealt with it.
- All partners were of the opinion that it would be really useful if they could fulfil the enquiry from within the system otherwise their current processes are sufficient and having an enquiry portal is pointless.
- If an enquiry was wrongly assigned to an org, they would like to send it back to the FBS central team back from within the portal by having a “send back to sender” option or something similar

## Files
- [June Filters](https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/files/FBS-New guidance filter-June 2020.pptx)
- [June Content Placement](https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/files/FBS-Covid-19-content-placement-June 2020.pptx)
- [June Enquiries Portal](https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/files/FBS-Enquiries Portal-June 2020.pptx)
