---
layout: post                # Don't change this from "post"
title: Online testing (January) of Coronavirus advice page layout   # Title to show on the page
type: online                  # Chose from: lab, online, a11y, other, partner
phase: live                 # chose from discovery, alpha, beta, live
initials: kd               # initials of person who did/uploaded the research
display_date: 20 January 2021 # Date to show on the page
return_url: "https://scotentsd.github.io/sep/timeline/" # leave like this         
type_of_event:  Online research and testing            
            # add the type of event if you want it displayed added to the heading when the post if clicked on
            # Lab Testing, Partner co-creation and co-design, Accessibility, Online research and testing, Events, F2F and testing
            # or leave empty if not needed
---

## Audience
- 8 Scottish business owners and senior business leaders
- Unmoderated UserZoom testing

## Focus
To understand what users think of the layout and appearing of the [adivce page] (https://findbusinesssupport.gov.scot/coronavirus-covid-19-advice-c), if they can find relevant funding, and if they want to see upcoming funds on the site

## Important note
- The page we were testing with was being tweaked as the test was running, which may have had an impact on test results

## Summary of insights
### What do users think of the layout and appearance of this page?
- Users find the layout clean, straightforward and concise

### Where would do you on this page if you want to fund coronavirus funding support for your business? (Scenario: you're a clothing business based in a shop)
- Most users would go to the FUnding section and filter on 'Retail' (37.5%)
- 12.5% would use a search engine
- 12.5% would go to the Strategic Framework Business Fund as it mentions fashion, which is close contact retail
- 12.5% would go to self-employed support because it's a small business
- 12.5% would go to ratepayers and then to the to the retail section [Note: the ratepayers accordion has now been removed]
- 12.5% would look for funds for businesses that have been asked to close down because they're non-essential services

### Are you able to find a government fund that looks suitable for your business?
- 88% said yes

### Where would you go on this page if you wanted to find out about upcoming funds that weren't open for applications yet?
- 62.5% would go to the Upcoming funds for February 2021 section
- 12.5% would go to the Funding section
- 12.5% would sign up for email alerts
- 12.5% weren't sure

### Do they want to see upcoming funds on the site?
- 100% of users said this informaton would be useful to their business

### Overall summary
- Users like the clear, simple layout – keep the site uncluttered
- While most users would go to the Funding section of Browse support to search for funding and understand how to use the filters, some users will prefer to scroll or search. This indicates that adding additional search filters may not help all users.
- Keep upcoming funds on the site
- Some users missed the 'Upcoming funds for 2021' section on the advice page because it was below the fold. Should this be moved above 'Latest updates'?


## Files
- [FBS upcoming funds user testing](/sep/files/FBS_user_testing_UZ_20Jan.pdf) (PDF)
